Mr. Ye
He is our most distinguished guest here
Ye Ye Gongzi
I didn't know your status was so high just now.
Why don't we get to know each other again?
Excuse me?
I'm a neat freak too
Apologize
But if you can finish this bottle of wine
I will forgive
Okay, wait.
I'm talking about this bottle.
This is the most precious wine in Great Xia
If you drink it, you will die. Don't dare to drink it.
Sorry, everybody.
I have something to do with Mr. Ye
Let's go first
Stop, I'm almost scared by you
I already investigated before I came
The Shangguan family didn't take you seriously at all
You must be the one with the Shangguan family's money
Hui Lu, the waiter just now
Then let him help you act
I don't understand what you're saying.
We were almost deceived by him.
Ah, excuse me.
I'm the general manager here.
My surname is Qu and I'm still pretending to be garlic, right?
District manager?
Here's some crap.
Congratulations to your hotel staff
I got caught in the act
See for yourself.
What? That employee?
Deduct money again
My limited edition of good wine
This wine is for display
We don't sell it.
5 million bottle?
Who broke him?